Add disabled button guidence (#262)
Financial-Times/o-buttons: README.md

```

### Disabled

> Styles for disabled states are included in `o-buttons` however the use of disabled buttons is not recommended. Firstly disabled buttons pose accessibility issues including being difficult to see. Although disabled buttons with low contrast are allowed according to [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#abstract), blind or visually impaired users may miss vital context. Secondly disabled buttons may be frustrating for the user if they are unsure why the button is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Styles for disabled states are included in `o-buttons` however the use of disabled buttons is not recommended. Firstly, disabled buttons pose accessibility issues including being difficult to see. Although disabled buttons with low contrast are allowed according to [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#abstract), blind or visually impaired users may miss vital context. Secondly, disabled buttons may be frustrating for the user if they are unsure why the button is disabled.
```

> Styles for disabled states are included in `o-buttons` however the use of disabled buttons is not recommended. Firstly, disabled buttons pose accessibility issues including being difficult to see. Although disabled buttons with low contrast are allowed according to [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#abstract), blind or visually impaired users may miss vital context. Secondly, disabled buttons may be frustrating for the user if they are unsure why the button is disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disabled buttons have [poor contrast which makes them difficult to read](). Disabled buttons [do not give feedback to a user why they are disabled]().

Avoid them unless user research shows they improve your interface.
```

I would move some of the more academic nuances into a reference section at the bottom or in the commit message itself, as we want to keep the content as minimal as possible to what the reader needs to understand.

> Hampus Sethfors explains the issues with disabled buttons in more detail in an [axesslab.com article](https://axesslab.com/disabled-buttons-suck/) and suggests alternative design approaches for common uses of disabled buttons.

Reviewer 2: Suggest to move to references

> To use a disabled button regardless of these issues add the `disabled` attribute. To visually hide the disabled button until it is active add the class `o-buttons--hide-disabled`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the `disabled` attribute to make a button disabled. To visually hide the disabled button until it is active add the class `o-buttons--hide-disabled`.
```

We can trust the reader to make the judgement and simplify this sentence.
